Aerosol Insecticide. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Aerosol insecticides are not allowed in carry-on; however they are allowed in checked bags as long as they are not labeled as hazardous material (HAZMAT).
Air Mattress with Built-in Pump. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes. Air mattresses with built-in pump are allowed in carry-on bags. Please check with your airline for any size or weight restrictions.
Airbrush Make-up Machine. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Devices containing lithium metal or lithium ion batteries should be carried in carry-on baggage.  Most other consumer devices containing batteries are allowed in carry-on and checked baggage.For more information to portable electronic devices, see the FAA regulations.
Alcoholic beverages. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes. Check with your airline before bringing any alcohol beverages on board. FAA regulations prohibit travelers from consuming alcohol on board an aircraft unless served by a flight attendant.  Additionally, Flight Attendants are not permitted to serve a passenger who is intoxicated. Alcoholic beverages with more than 24% but not more than 70% alcohol are limited in checked bags to 5 liters (1.3 gallons) per passenger and must be in unopened retail packaging. Alcoholic beverages with 24% alcohol or less are not subject to limitations in checked bags. Mini bottles of alcohol in carry-on must be able to comfortably fit into a single quart-sized bag. For more information, see FAA regulation: 49 CFR 175.10(a)(4).
Alcoholic beverages over 140 proof. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No. Alcoholic beverages with more than 70% alcohol (over 140 proof), including grain alcohol and 151 proof rum. For more information, see FAA regulation: 49 CFR 175.10(a)(4).
Ammunition. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Check with your airline if ammunition is allowed in checked bags. Small arms ammunitions must be securely packed in fiber, wood or metal boxes or other packaging specifically designed to carry small amounts of ammunition. Ask the airline about limitations or fees. Read the guidelines for traveling with firearms. When traveling, be sure to comply with the laws concerning possession of firearms as they vary by local, state and international government.
Antlers. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. You may transport this item in carry-on or checked bags. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane.
Arc Lighters, Plasma Lighters, Electronic Lighters, E-Lighters. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: No. Measures must be taken to prevent unintentional activation of the heating element while on board the aircraft. Examples of effective measures to prevent unintentional activation include, but are not limited to: removing the battery from the lighter; placing the lighter into a protective case; and/or using a protective cover, safety latch, or locking device on the lighter's activation button. Each lithium ion battery must not exceed a Watt-hour (Wh) rating of 100 Wh; or for lithium metal batteries, a lithium content of 2 grams. Recharging of the devices and/or the batteries on board the aircraft is not permitted. See FAA regulations for more information.
Artificial Skeleton Bones. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Axes and Hatchets. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Baby Carrier. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. You may transport this item in carry-on or checked bags. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane.
Baby Food. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Baby food is allowed in reasonable quantities in carry-on bags. Remove these items from your carry-on bag to be screened separately from the rest of your belongings. Please see traveling with children for more information.
Baby Formula. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes. Formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) in quantities greater than 3.4 ounces or 100 milliliters are allowed in carry-on baggage and do not need to fit within a quart-sized bag. Formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) are considered medically necessary liquids. This also applies to breast milk and formula cooling accessories, such as ice packs, freezer packs, and gel packs (regardless of presence of breast milk). Your child or infant does not need to be present or traveling with you to bring breast milk, formula and/or related supplies. Inform the TSA officer at the beginning of the screening process that you are carrying formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) in excess of 3.4 ounces. Remove these items from your carry-on bag to be screened separately from your other belongings. TSA officers may need to test the liquids for explosives or concealed prohibited items. Although not required, to expedite the screening process, it is recommended that formula and breast milk be transported in clear, translucent bottles and not plastic bags or pouches. Liquids in plastic bags or pouches may not be able to be screened by Bottle Liquid Scanners, and you may be asked to open them (if feasible) for alternate screening such as Explosive Trace Detection and Vapor Analysis for the presence of liquid explosives. Screening will never include placing anything into the medically necessary liquid. TSA X-ray machines do not adversely affect food or medicines. However, if you do not want the formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) to be X-rayed or opened, please inform the TSA officer. Additional steps will be taken to clear the liquid and you or the traveling guardian will undergo additional screening procedures, to include Advanced Imaging Technology screening and additional/enhanced screening of other carry-on property. Ice packs, freezer packs, frozen gel packs and other accessories required to cool formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) – regardless of the presence of breast milk – are also allowed in carry-ons, along with liquid-filled teethers. If these items are partially frozen or slushy, they are subject to the same screening as described above. Please see traveling with children for more information. Travelers requiring special accommodations or concerned about the security screening process at the airport may request assistance by contacting TSA Cares online at http://www.tsa.gov/contact-center/form/cares or by phone at (855) 787-2227 or federal relay 711.
Baby Powder. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Powder-like substances greater than 12 oz. / 350 mL must be placed in a separate bin for X-ray screening. They may require additional screening and containers may need to be opened. For your convenience, we encourage you to place non-essential powders greater than 12 oz. in checked bags.
Baby Wipes. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Balloons (not inflated). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Bang Snaps. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No.
Baseball Bats. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes. Sports equipment that can be used as a bludgeon (such as bats and clubs) is prohibited in the cabin of the plane and must be transported in your checked baggage.
Basketballs/Baseballs/Footballs/Soccer Balls. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes
Battery powered wheel chairs and mobility devices. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Spillable batteries are allowed in wheelchairs and mobility devices, where the battery may remain installed if it is securely attached to the mobility device and the battery housing provides protection from damage, the terminals are protected from short circuit, and the battery remains in an upright position when stowed on the aircraft. See FAA regulations Non-spillable batteries may require additional measures based on battery type. See FAA regulations. Lithium metal (non-rechargeable lithium) batteries are forbidden with these devices. Lithium ion batteries must be removed from this type of mobility device and battery terminals protected from short circuit. The battery must be protected from damage (e.g. by placing each battery in a protective pouch). The lithium ion batteries must be carried in carry-on baggage only. The passenger must advise the airline of the battery location. The airline must notify the Pilot-in-command of the battery location in the cabin. For complete passenger instructions contact your airline. Advance arrangements and extra check-in time may be necessary. The airline may need to remove the battery and package it separately if the wheelchair cannot be stowed upright in the cargo compartment.. Wheelchairs and other mobility devices are permitted through the checkpoint but not permitted into the cabin of the aircraft.
BB Guns. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Check with your airline to see if they allow firearms in checked bags. Read the guidelines for traveling with firearms. When traveling, be sure to comply with the laws concerning possession of firearms as they vary by local, state and international government.
Bear Bangers. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No.
Bear spray. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No.
Belts, Clothes and Shoes. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. To help TSA officers get a clear look at your bag and reduce the need for additional screening, we suggest you pack your bag in neat layers.
Bicycle Chains. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Bicycle Pumps. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Bicycles. Carry On Bags: Check with Airline. Checked Bags: Check with Airline.
Billy Clubs. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Binoculars. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Biological specimens, non-infectious, in preservative solutions. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). The FAA has limits on preservative solution in checked baggage. No more than 30 ml of free liquid solution in each inner packaging and no more than one liter in the entire outer package. See FAA Regulations for more information.
Black Jacks (Self-Defense Weapons). Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Blankets. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Blasting Caps. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No.
Blender. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes. Blenders are allowed in carry-on bags if the blade has been removed. Any sharp objects in checked bags should be sheathed or securely wrapped to prevent injury to baggage handlers and inspectors.
Blood Sugar Test Kit. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Please notify the TSA officer that you have diabetes and are carrying your supplies with you. Insulin pumps and supplies must be accompanied by insulin, and insulin in any form or dispenser must be clearly identified. Learn more about transporting medication on your next flight.
Bobby Pins. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Bocce Balls. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Body Armor. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Generally, body armor is allowed in carry-on or checked bags. Please note however that even if an item is generally allowed, our officers make the final decision on whether an item is allowed through the checkpoint.
Books. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Books often require additional screening. The TSA officer may ask you to remove them from your carrying case to conduct a physical inspection.
Bottle Opener. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Bottled Water. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed).Checked Bags: Yes.
Bowling Balls. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Sports equipment that can be used as a bludgeon (such as bats and clubs) is prohibited in the cabin of the plane and must be transported in your checked bags.
Bowling Pins. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes. Sports equipment that can be used as a bludgeon (such as bats and clubs) is prohibited in the cabin of the plane and must be transported in your checked baggage.
Bows and Arrows. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Box Cutters. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes. Any sharp objects in checked bags should be sheathed or securely wrapped to prevent injury to baggage handlers and inspectors. These items are required to be placed in checked bags with or without blades.
Boxing Gloves. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Brass Instruments. Carry On Bags: Check with Airline. Checked Bags: Yes.
Brass Knuckles. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Bread. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Solid food items (not liquids or gels) can be transported in either your carry-on or checked bags. Liquid or gel food items larger than 3.4 oz are not allowed in carry-on bags and should be placed in your checked bags if possible. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Bread Machine. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. You may transport this item in carry-on or checked bags. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane.
Breast Milk. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes. Formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) in quantities greater than 3.4 ounces or 100 milliliters are allowed in carry-on baggage and do not need to fit within a quart-sized bag. Formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) are considered medically necessary liquids. This also applies to breast milk and formula cooling accessories, such as ice packs, freezer packs, and gel packs (regardless of presence of breast milk). Your child or infant does not need to be present or traveling with you to bring breast milk, formula and/or related supplies. Inform the TSA officer at the beginning of the screening process that you are carrying formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) in excess of 3.4 ounces. Remove these items from your carry-on bag to be screened separately from your other belongings. TSA officers may need to test the liquids for explosives or concealed prohibited items. Although not required, to expedite the screening process, it is recommended that formula and breast milk be transported in clear, translucent bottles and not plastic bags or pouches. Liquids in plastic bags or pouches may not be able to be screened by Bottle Liquid Scanners, and you may be asked to open them (if feasible) for alternate screening such as Explosive Trace Detection and Vapor Analysis for the presence of liquid explosives. Screening will never include placing anything into the medically necessary liquid. TSA X-ray machines do not adversely affect food or medicines. However, if you do not want the formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) to be X-rayed or opened, please inform the TSA officer. Additional steps will be taken to clear the liquid and you or the traveling guardian will undergo additional screening procedures, to include Advanced Imaging Technology screening and additional/enhanced screening of other carry-on property. Ice packs, freezer packs, frozen gel packs and other accessories required to cool formula, breast milk, toddler drinks, and baby/toddler food (to include puree pouches) – regardless of the presence of breast milk – are also allowed in carry-ons, along with liquid-filled teethers. If these items are partially frozen or slushy, they are subject to the same screening as described above. Please see traveling with children for more information. Travelers requiring special accommodations or concerned about the security screening process at the airport may request assistance by contacting TSA Cares online at http://www.tsa.gov/contact-center/form/cares or by phone at (855) 787-2227 or federal relay 711.
Breast Pump. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Bug Repellent. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). The FAA limits the total amount of restricted medicinal and toiletry articles, including aerosols, in checked baggage. The total aggregate quantity per person cannot exceed 2 kg (70 ounces) or 2 L (68 fluid ounces). The capacity of each container must not exceed 0.5 kg (18 ounces) or 500 ml (17 fluid ounces). See the FAA regulations for more information. Note that only bug repellants to be applied to the skin are accepted.  Insect repellents or insecticides designed to be sprayed in the air or at the insect are not permitted in either carry on or checked baggage. Permitted aerosol release devices (button/nozzle) must be protected with a cap or other means to protect against accidental release.
Butane. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No.
Butane Curling Irons (cordless). Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: No. Cordless curling irons containing a gas cartridge and butane fueled curling irons are allowed in carry-on bags only. A safety cover must be securely fitted over the heating element. The device must be protected from accidental activation.. Gas refills (spare cartridges) are not allowed in either checked or carry-on bags.
Camera Monopod. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. You may transport this item in carry-on or checked bags. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane.
Camp stoves. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Camp stoves are allowed in carry-on or checked bags only if they are empty of all fuel and cleaned so that no fuel vapors or residue remain. Please wrap cords and layer items in bags so officers can get a clear view of the items.
Candy. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Solid food items (not liquids or gels) can be transported in either your carry-on or checked bags. Liquid or gel food items larger than 3.4 oz are not allowed in carry-on bags and should be placed in your checked bags if possible.. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Canes. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Please visit our special procedures page for information on traveling through the checkpoint with a cane.
Canned Foods. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes. There are some items that are not on the prohibited items list, but because of how they appear on the X-ray, security concerns, or impact of the 3-1-1 rules for liquids, gels and aerosols, they could require additional screening that might result in the item not being allowed through the checkpoint. We suggest that you pack this item in your checked bag, ship it to your destination or leave it at home.
Canoe/Kayak Paddles. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Car Parts. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Car engine parts and other car parts without fuel or traces of fuel are allowed in carry-on or checked bags. Car engine parts may be placed in checked bags only if the parts are packed in their original box and free of gasoline and oil. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane. If you have questions regarding hazardous materials regulations, please see the FAA website.
Cast Iron Cookware. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Casts. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Cattle Prods. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Cell Phones. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Cereal. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Chapsticks. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Cheese (Creamy). Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Cheese (Solid). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Child Car Seat. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. You may transport this item in carry-on or checked bags. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane.
Chlorine for Pools and Spas. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No.
Chocolate (liquid). Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes. Solid food items (not liquids or gels) can be transported in either your carry-on or checked bags. Liquid or gel food items larger than 3.4 oz are not allowed in carry-on bags and should be placed in your checked bags if possible.
Chocolate (Solid). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Solid food items (not liquids or gels) can be transported in either your carry-on or checked bags. Liquid or gel food items larger than 3.4 oz are not allowed in carry-on bags and should be placed in your checked bags if possible. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Chopsticks. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Christmas Lights. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Cigar Cutters. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes. While cigar cutters are generally permitted, we recommend that you pack them in your checked baggage. TSA officers have the discretion to prohibit any item through the screening checkpoint if they believe it poses a security threat. Any sharp objects in checked bags should be sheathed or securely wrapped to prevent injury to baggage handlers and inspectors.
Cigarettes. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Cigars. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Clock. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
CO2 Cartridge. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No. Except for personal medical oxygen cylinders, you can only carry an EMPTY compressed gas cylinder onboard a plane. To be permitted (in either carry-on or checked baggage), it must be clearly visible to the TSA officer that the cylinder is empty.
CO2 Cartridge for Life Vest. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). You may bring a life vest with up to two CO2 cartridges inside, plus two spare cartridges in your carry-on or checked bag. Even if an item is generally permitted, it may be subject to additional screening or not allowed through the checkpoint if it triggers an alarm during the screening process, appears to have been tampered with, or poses other security concerns. The final decision rests with TSA on whether to allow any items on the plane. You may not transport CO2 cartridges without the associated lifejacket.
Coat Hangers. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Coffee (Beans or Ground). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Coffee (Liquid). Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes.
Coffee Thermos (empty). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. You may take empty drink containers through the checkpoint and fill them afterward.
Coffee/Espresso Maker. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Please carefully pack your electronics items and make sure all cords are wrapped. While you can pack expensive, fragile electronics items in checked or carry-on bags, we recommend packing them in your carry-on.
Cologne. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes. The FAA limits the total amount of restricted medicinal and toiletry articles, including aerosols, in checked baggage. The total aggregate quantity per person cannot exceed 2 kg (70 ounces) or 2 L (68 fluid ounces). The capacity of each container must not exceed 0.5 kg (18 ounces) or 500 ml (17 fluid ounces). See the FAA regulations for more information. Permitted aerosol release devices (button/nozzle) must be protected by caps or other suitable means to prevent accidental release.
Comic Books. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Books often require additional screening. The TSA officer may ask you to remove them from your carrying case to conduct a physical inspection.
Compressed Air Guns. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Including paintball markers, may be carried in checked baggage without compressed air cylinder attached.
Concealer. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes.
Conditioner. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes.
Contact Lens Solution. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. TSA allows larger amounts of medically necessary liquids, gels, and aerosols in reasonable quantities for your trip, but you must declare them to security officers at the checkpoint for inspection. Any oversized medically-necessary liquids that alarm during screening, testing positive for certain chemicals, may not be allowed through the screening checkpoint. Some contact lens solutions contain chemicals that typically alarm and may not permitted through the checkpoint. We recommend placing contact lens solutions over 3.4 ounces in your checked baggage.
Contact Lenses. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. TSA allows larger amounts of medically necessary liquids, gels, and aerosols in reasonable quantities for your trip, but you must declare them to security officers at the checkpoint for inspection. Any oversized medically-necessary liquids that alarm during screening, testing positive for certain chemicals, may not be allowed through the screening checkpoint. Some contact lens solutions contain chemicals that typically alarm and may not be permitted through the checkpoint. We recommend placing contact lens solutions over 3.4 ounces in your checked baggage. Learn more about transporting medication on your next flight.
Cooked Meat, Seafood and Vegetable (No Liquid). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. You may transport this item in carry-on or checked bags. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane.. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Cookies. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Cooking spray. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No.
Cooler (empty). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Corkscrews (with blade). Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes. Any sharp objects in checked bags should be sheathed or securely wrapped to prevent injury to baggage handlers and inspectors.
Corkscrews (with no blade). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Cowboy Spurs. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Crackers. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Crampons. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes. Crampons are generally permitted in carry-on bags. However, TSA officers have the discretion to prohibit an item if they feel it may pose a security threat.
Cream. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes.
Creamy Dips and Spreads. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Cremated Remains. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes. We understand how painful losing a loved one is and we treat crematory remains with respect. Some airlines do not allow cremated remains in checked bags, so please check with your airline to learn more about possible restrictions. To facilitate screening, we suggest that you purchase a temporary or permanent crematory container made of a lighter weight material, such as wood or plastic. If the container is made of a material that generates an opaque image, TSA officers will not be able to clearly determine what is inside the container and the container will not be allowed. Out of respect for the deceased, TSA officers will not open a container, even if requested by the passenger.
Cricket Bats. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Crochet Hooks. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Any sharp objects in checked bags should be sheathed or securely wrapped to prevent injury to baggage handlers and inspectors.
Crowbars. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Crutches. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Curling Iron (cordless). Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: No. Cordless curling irons that contain lithium metal or lithium ion batteries or are gas or butane fueled are only allowed in carry-on bags. A safety cover must be securely fitted over the heating element. The device must be protected from accidental activation. For more information to portable electronic devices, see the FAA regulations. Gas refills (spare cartridges) are not permitted.
Curling Iron (with cord). Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Electric curling irons and hair straighteners with cords are not restricted.
Cutting Boards. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Generally, plastic and small wood cutting boards are allowed. However, the final decision rests with our checkpoint officers.
Cymbals. Carry On Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Check with your airline prior to your flight to ensure your instrument meets the aircraft size requirements. Musical instruments must undergo screening when transported as carry-on or in checked bags. Musical instruments transported as carry-on require a physical inspection at the security checkpoint. Inform the TSA officer if your instrument requires special care and handling. Pack brass instruments in your checked bags.
Darts. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes. Any sharp objects in checked bags should be sheathed or securely wrapped to prevent injury to baggage handlers and inspectors.
Deodorant (aerosol). Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes. The FAA limits the total amount of restricted medicinal and toiletry articles, including aerosols, in checked baggage. The total aggregate quantity per person cannot exceed 2 kg (70 ounces) or 2 L (68 fluid ounces). The capacity of each container must not exceed 0.5 kg (18 ounces) or 500 ml (17 fluid ounces). See the FAA regulations for more information. Permitted aerosol release devices (button/nozzle) must be protected by caps or other suitable means to prevent accidental release.
Deodorant (liquid). Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes. The FAA limits the total amount of restricted medicinal and toiletry articles, including aerosols, in checked baggage. The total aggregate quantity per person cannot exceed 2 kg (70 ounces) or 2 L (68 fluid ounces). The capacity of each container must not exceed 0.5 kg (18 ounces) or 500 ml (17 fluid ounces). See the FAA regulations for more information. Permitted aerosol release devices (button/nozzle) must be protected by caps or other suitable means to prevent accidental release.
Deodorant (Solid). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Desktop Computers. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Please remove the computer from your carry-on bag and place it in a separate bin for X-ray screening.
Detergent (liquid). Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes.
Detergent (powder or pellet). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Powder-like substances greater than 12 oz. / 350 mL must be placed in a separate bin for X-ray screening. They may require additional screening and containers may need to be opened. For your convenience, we encourage you to place non-essential powders greater than 12 oz. in checked bags.
Digital Cameras. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane.
Disassembled computer/computer parts/external hard drives. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Disinfecting Wipes. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Disposable and Zippo Lighters. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes (Special Instructions). Disposable and Zippo lighters without fuel are allowed in checked bags. Lighters with fuel are prohibited in checked bags, unless they adhere to the Department of Transportation exemption, which allows up to two fueled lighters if properly enclosed in a DOT approved case.
Disposable Razor. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Any sharp objects in checked bags should be sheathed or securely wrapped to prevent injury to baggage handlers and inspectors.
Divot Tools. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Dried Fruits. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. TSA officers may instruct travelers to separate items from carry-on bags such as foods, powders, and any materials that can clutter bags and obstruct clear images on the X-ray machine. Travelers are encouraged to organize their carry-on bags and keep them uncluttered to ease the screening process and keep the lines moving.
Drills and Drill Bits. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: Yes.
Drones, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS). Carry On Bags: Check with Airline. Checked Bags: Check with Airline. Drones are allowed through the checkpoint. Please check with your airline prior to traveling for their policy. Drones containing lithium batteries, fuel cells, and components of certain parachute systems may be prohibited in baggage. For more information, see the FAA regulations.
Drum Sticks (instrument drum set). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
Drumsticks. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. Musical instruments must undergo screening when transported as carry-on or in checked bags. Musical instruments transported as carry-on require a physical inspection at the security checkpoint. Inform the TSA officer if your instrument requires special care and handling. Pack brass instruments in your checked bags.
Dry batteries (AA, AAA, C, and D). Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. This entry applies to typical non-lithium dry batteries (alkaline, nickel metal hydride, nickel cadmium, etc.) in the most common sizes: AA, AAA, C, D, button cell, 9-volt, etc.. Batteries must be protected from damage and creating sparks or a dangerous evolution of heat.  For more information, see the FAA regulations on batteries.
Dry Ice. Carry On Bags: Check with Airline. Checked Bags: Check with Airline. The FAA limits you to 5.5 pounds of dry ice that is properly packaged (the package is vented) and marked. Airline approval is required. For more information, visit the FAA website.
Dry Shampoo (aerosol). Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes. The FAA limits the total amount of restricted medicinal and toiletry articles, including aerosols, in checked baggage. The total aggregate quantity per person cannot exceed 2 kg (70 ounces) or 2 L (68 fluid ounces). The capacity of each container must not exceed 0.5 kg (18 ounces) or 500 ml (17 fluid ounces). See the FAA regulations for more information. Permitted aerosol release devices (button/nozzle) must be protected by caps or other suitable means to prevent accidental release.
Duct Tape. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes.
DVD Players. Carry On Bags: Yes. Checked Bags: Yes. For items you wish to carry on, you should check with the airline to ensure that the item will fit in the overhead bin or underneath the seat of the airplane.
Dynamite. Carry On Bags: No. Checked Bags: No.
E-liquids. Carry On Bags: Yes (Less than or equal to 3.4oz/100 ml allowed). Checked Bags: Yes.